P05-Network-Errors/content.md, before:

---
title: "Handle network errors"
slug: Network-Errors
---

1. Look at The Movie DB (TMDb) API
1. Get to know the current state of the project
1. Model the response
1. Work with Swift API Client
1. **Handle network errors**
1. Create HTTP methods and routes
1. Configure the request
1. Implement Encoder 
1. Handle the response
1. Make the call 
1. Display the data 

Whenever there's an error in any step of the network call, we should be able to identify where it happened and as much information as possible.

> [action]
>Create a new file and call it `NetworkError.swift`. Here you'll have an enum with all the possible errors.
>
```Swift
public enum NetworkError: String, Error {
    case parametersNil = "Parameters were nil"
    case encodingFailed = "Parameter Encoding failed"
    case decodingFailed = "Unable to Decode data"
    case missingURL = "The URL is nil"
    case couldNotParse = "Unable to parse the JSON response"
    case noData = "Data is nil"
    case fragmentResponse = "Response's body has fragments"
    case authenticationError = "You must be authenticated"
    case badRequest = "Bad request"
    case pageNotFound = "Page not found"
    case failed = "Request failed"
    case serverError = "Server error"
    case noResponse = "No response"
    case success = "Success"

}
```

Commit message:

edit instruction structure and add git commit messages

P05-Network-Errors/content.md, after:

---
title: "Handle network errors"
slug: Network-Errors
---

1. Look at The Movie DB (TMDb) API
1. Get to know the current state of the project
1. Model the response
1. Work with Swift API Client
1. **Handle network errors**
1. Create HTTP methods and routes
1. Configure the request
1. Implement Encoder 
1. Handle the response
1. Make the call 
1. Display the data 

# Error Handling

Whenever there's an error in any step of the network call, we should be able to identify where it happened and as much information as possible.

> [action]
> Create a new file and call it `NetworkError.swift`. Here you'll have an enum with all the possible errors.
>
```Swift
public enum NetworkError: String, Error {
    case parametersNil = "Parameters were nil"
    case encodingFailed = "Parameter Encoding failed"
    case decodingFailed = "Unable to Decode data"
    case missingURL = "The URL is nil"
    case couldNotParse = "Unable to parse the JSON response"
    case noData = "Data is nil"
    case fragmentResponse = "Response's body has fragments"
    case authenticationError = "You must be authenticated"
    case badRequest = "Bad request"
    case pageNotFound = "Page not found"
    case failed = "Request failed"
    case serverError = "Server error"
    case noResponse = "No response"
    case success = "Success"

}
```

# Now Commit

```bash
$ git add .
$ git commit -m 'Handle network errors'
$ git push
```
